⚡️ add class:list HTML directive example to the guide (#788)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/core-concepts/astro-components.md

<ul>

> <!-- Use a template directive to inject an unescaped HTML string into an element: -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Use a template directive to build class names from multiple strings or even objects! -->
```

> <p set:html={rawHTMLString} class:list=["add", "dynamic", {"classNames": true}] />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class:list={["add", "dynamic", {classNames: true}]} />
```
